CORE-1585 (#938)
reach-sh/reach-lang: docs/src/rsh/errors/index.md

  })
```

## {#RE0135} RE0135

> This error indicates that you attempted to createa `{!rsh} Data` instance with no variants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error indicates that you attempted to create a `{!rsh} Data` instance with no variants.
```
